c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\bin\Debug\DrumKit.exe.config
c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\obj\Debug\DrumKit.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\obj\Debug\DrumKit_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\obj\Debug\DrumKit_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\bin\Debug\DrumKit.exe
c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\bin\Debug\DrumKit.pdb
c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\obj\Debug\DrumKit.g.resources
c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\obj\Debug\DrumKit.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\obj\Debug\DrumKit.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\obj\Debug\DrumKit.exe
c:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\obj\Debug\DrumKit.pdb
C:\Users\Adam\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
C:\Users\Adam\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\Adam\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\bin\Debug\HidLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Adam\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\bin\Debug\HidLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Adam\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\bin\Debug\Resources\blip.wav
C:\Users\Adam\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DrumKit\DrumKit\obj\Debug\DrumKit_Content.g.cs
